.\" Copyright (C) 2007 Sven Arvidsson <sa@whiz.se>
.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH mate-network-admin 1 "2014\-10\-25" "MATE"
.SH NAME
mate-network-admin \- Network Administration Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mate-network-admin
.RI [ OPTION... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mate-network-admin
is part of the MATE system tools, a set of tools to easily access
and manage system configuration.
.P
.B mate-network-admin
allows you to specify the way your system connects to other
computers and to the Internet.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-display=DISPLAY
X display to use
.P
.B mate-network-admin
also accepts the standard MATE and GTK options.
.SH AUTHORS
.B mate-network-admin
was originally written by Carlos Garnacho Parro <garnacho@tuxerver.net>
for the GNOME project and has been forked for the MATE desktop.
.P
This manual page was originally written by Sven Arvidsson <sa@whiz.se>
and Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de> (MATE adaptations),
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "mate-services-admin" (1),
.BR "mate-shares-admin" (1),
.BR "mate-time-admin" (1),
.BR "mate-users-admin" (1),
.BR "gtk-options" (7),
.P
